{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Models discussed w/ Suzy:\
\
0) Do we include time 0 in the model, or are those values all confounders?  E.g., bzwt, bzlength, bzwfl.  These are base year confounders.\
\
\
zBMI~ageyrs+mediatimespent\
zBMI~agewtmos2 + lnmediatimespent\
\
The 2 files don\'92t have an exact matching key field: age in months is close, but won\'92t be exact.  If we need a single matching time point across datasets, we will have to coarsen the timeline (weeks?)\
\
note: these vars are in second file: mediatimespent, mediabckground, mediaforeground, (ln of those), mombmi (time const), depressionZ \
\
note: the \'93real\'94 model might be 6 month lagged exposure -> bmi to allow the weight gain.  This would require a better impute, but one that is nonetheless possible using the approach we\'92ve outlined.\
\
PRELIM FINDINGS:\
\
Models fit with STAN show ns effect for sqrt(mediatimespent) controlling for age, age^2 and a random effect for subject.  Using a \'91caliper\'92 window of 1 week (7/30 month), I get 468 matched ages for bmi and media exp measurement, with 8447 unmatched.  Those are effectively imputed in the analysis.  The more imputed, the less precise the finding.  But for the run just described, the MCMC Rhat measure was always <1.1, which is acceptible convergence even if the traceplots weren\'92t amazing for the key param (effect of mediaexp on zbmi, net of age quadratic and subject effects).  Considering a run with a caliper of 1 month plus anything up to 3 months prior\'85  I suspect this will yield a sig negative effect based on prelim explorations\'85}